[sc-316] Add hvml string syntax to readme (#93)
HigherOrderCO/hvm-lang: README.md

Currently, the only supported type of machine numbers are unsigned 60-bit integers.  

Strings are delimited by `"` `"` and support Unicode characters.
```rs

> main = "Hello, 🌎"

Reviewer: Maybe add what strings are desugared to

Currently, the only supported type of machine numbers are unsigned 60-bit integers.  

Strings are delimited by `"` `"` and support Unicode characters.
```rs
main = "Hello, 🌎"
```

> A string is desugared to a tuple containing a list of chars with a tagged 'String' lambda for concatenation and it's length.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string is desugared to a tuple containing the list of chars and its length. The chars have a tagged lambda with label 'String' for fast concatenation.
```
